COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES LICENSE AGREEMENT (Two Tier)
Agreement made and entered into this _________ of _______________, 200__ (the “Effective Date”), by and between the
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF COMPOSERS, AUTHORS AND PUBLISHERS, with its principal offices located at One Lincoln
Plaza, New York, New York 10023, hereinafter referred to as “ASCAP”, and
, a College or University with its principal offices located at

hereinafter referred to as “Licensee”.
WITNESSETH:
WHEREAS, ASCAP’s writer and publisher members have authorized ASCAP to license, on a non-exclusive basis,
nondramatic public performances of their copyrighted musical compositions; and
WHEREAS, Licensee is an institution of higher education and desires to perform publicly and nondramatically the
copyrighted musical compositions in ASCAP’s repertory during the period hereof.
Now, therefore, the parties hereto mutually agree as follows:
1.

Definitions

As used in this Agreement,
(a)
The term “Licensee” shall include the named institution and any of its constituent bodies, agencies or organizations,
including, but not limited to, any organization such as a fraternity, sorority, social club or other organization affiliated with
Licensee and located on or off Licensee’s campus, which is operated for the benefit of Licensee or its faculty, staff, students or
alumni.
(b)
The term “premises” shall include Licensee’s campus(es) and any site located off Licensee’s campus which has been
engaged by Licensee for use by Licensee and any of its constituent bodies, agencies or organizations, including, but not limited to,
those locations where college groups such as bands or choruses perform as part of their non-profit, community outreach and
educational activities, provided that such events are not promoted or sponsored by a third party.
(c)
The term “full-time student” shall be the sum of: (i) all full-time undergraduate and graduate students; and (ii) one-third
of all part-time undergraduate and graduate students. If, during the term of this Agreement, the method of converting part-time
students to a full-time equivalency as indicated in Subsection (ii) of this Paragraph is changed by the Integrated Post-Secondary
Education Data System (IPEDS) or any superseding survey conducted annually by the Department of Education, such different
method of conversion shall be deemed substituted in said Subsection (ii) as of the effective fall academic term.
(d)

The term “musical attractions” shall mean concerts, shows, recitals, dances and other similar performances.

(e)
The term “school year” shall mean the twelve-month period commencing September 1 of any calendar year during the
term hereof.
(f)
The term “CPI adjustment” shall mean the difference in the Consumer Price Index, All Urban Consumers - (“CPI-U”), as
determined by the United States Department of Labor, between the preceding July and July of the specified year.
(g)
“Internet Site or Service” shall mean a site or service accessible via the Internet or a similar transmission facility from
which audio content is transmitted to “Users” and from which Users may download or otherwise select particular musical
compositions or programs containing musical compositions and that has either the principal Universal Resource Locator (URL) of
_________________ or any other URL operated or maintained by Licensee, including the websites of Licensee owned and
operated Radio Stations.
(h)
“Internet Transmissions” shall mean all transmissions of content to Users from or through Licensee’s Internet Site or
Service, or from any other Internet site or service pursuant to an agreement between Licensee and the operator of the other Internet
site or service, when accessed by means of any connection from Licensee’s Internet Site or Service.
(i)
“Locally Originated Programming” shall mean television programming produced or which is inserted locally
by Licensee or through an interconnect (an association of two or more cable systems for the purpose of distributing

COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES LICENSE AGREEMENT (Two Tier)

advertising or programming simultaneously) or otherwise originating by or on “Licensee’s Cable Television System”
including, without limitation, (i) programming on locally-originated channels, including advertising and promotional
materials thereon; (ii) programming on public, educational and governmental (“PEG”) access channels; (iii) public
service announcements; (iv) programming on leased access channels; and (v) advertising and promotional materials
inserted locally or through an interconnect by or on behalf of Licensee into national, regional or local cable
programming services.
(j)
“Licensee’s Cable Television System” shall mean a cable television system, system of closed circuit
distribution, MMDS, internet, broadband, including any linear feed via the Internet, broadband or other online service
or other means of distribution which is owned and operated by Licensee and by which Licensee transmits Locally
Originated Programming on Licensee’s campus, except that it shall not include free over-the-air broadcast television.
(k)
“Intranet Transmissions” shall mean transmissions that can only be accessed through an internal computer
network accessible only to faculty, staff, students, and other members of the campus community who authenticate
themselves through a secure access system.
(l)
“Radio Station” shall mean a radio station licensed for noncommercial educational broadcasting that is not
qualified under the rules of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting for receipt of community service grants.
(m)

“Users” means all those who access Internet Transmissions.

2.

Term of License

This Agreement shall be for an initial term of five (5) years, commencing July 1, 2007, which shall be considered the
Effective Date of this Agreement, and shall automatically renew thereafter for additional terms of one (1) year each
unless terminated by either party by giving notice of termination to the other party no later than thirty (30) days prior
to the end of the initial or any renewal term. If such notice is given, the agreement shall terminate on the last day of
the term in which notice is given.
3.

Grant of License

ASCAP hereby grants to Licensee for the term of this Agreement a non-exclusive license to perform publicly, or cause
the public performance, on Licensee’s premises, of nondramatic musical compositions now or hereafter during the
term hereof in the repertory of ASCAP, and of which ASCAP shall have the right to license such performing rights.
Such performances shall include performances presented under the auspices of Licensee, including, but not limited to,
performances by faculty, staff, students or alumni of Licensee while performing under the auspices of Licensee and
shall include performances by means of Internet Transmissions, including webcasts of Licensee owned and operated
Radio Stations, Intranet Transmissions and Licensee’s Cable Television System.
4.

Limitations on License

(a)
This license is not assignable or transferable by operation of law or otherwise, and is limited to the Licensee
and to the premises.
(b)
This license does not authorize the broadcasting, telecasting or transmission by wire or otherwise, of
renditions of musical compositions in ASCAP’s repertory to persons outside of the premises, other than by means of:
(i)
Music-on-hold telephone systems operated by Licensee at the premises;
(ii)
Licensee’s Internet Site or Service;
(iii)
Licensee’s Intranet transmissions; and
(iv)
Licensee’s Cable Television System.
(c)
This license does not authorize performances at any musical attraction that is co-sponsored, co-promoted or
co-presented by Licensee and any other entity engaged in the business, whether for-profit or not-for-profit, of
promoting or presenting musical attractions.

2

COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES LICENSE AGREEMENT (Two Tier)

(d)
This license does not authorize any performance by means of a coin-operated phonorecord player (jukebox)
otherwise covered by the compulsory license provisions of 17 U.S.C. Paragraph 116.
(e)
This license is limited to nondramatic performances, and does not authorize any dramatic performances. For
purposes of this Agreement, a dramatic performance shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(i)
(ii)

(iii)
(iv)

performance of a “dramatico-musical work” (as hereinafter defined) in its entirety;
performance of one or more musical compositions from a “dramatico-musical work” (as hereinafter
defined) accompanied by dialogue, pantomime, dance, stage action, or visual representation of the
work from which the music is taken;
performance of one or more musical compositions as part of a story or plot, whether accompanied or
unaccompanied by dialogue, pantomime, dance, stage action or visual representation;
performance of a concert version of a “dramatico-musical work” (as hereinafter defined).

The term “dramatico-musical work” as used in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to, a musical comedy,
opera, play with music, revue or ballet.
(f)
ASCAP reserves the right at any time to restrict the first American performance of any composition in its
repertory and further reserves the right at any time to withdraw from its repertory and from operation of this license,
any musical work as to which any suit has been brought or threatened on a claim that such composition infringes a
composition not contained in ASCAP’s repertory, or on a claim that ASCAP does not have the right to license the
performing rights in such composition.
(g)
This license, to the extent it covers Licensee’s Internet Site or Service, is limited to performances presented
by means of Internet Transmissions, and by no other means; provided, however, that (i) nothing in this Agreement
authorizes such performances when transmitted from Licensee’s Internet Site or Service pursuant to an agreement
between Licensee and any other Internet site or service operator, when accessed by means of a connection from that
other Internet site or service, even if such performances fall within the definition of Internet Transmissions; and
provided further, that (ii) if Licensee is an Internet access provider, nothing in this Agreement authorizes such
performances when transmitted from or through any homepage(s) hosted on Licensee’s Internet Site or Service for
those for whom Licensee provides Internet access, provided however, that this license shall cover webpages
maintained by Licensee’s departments, schools, centers and other units, as well as by faculty and staff as part of their
official duties and responsibilities to Licensee.
(h)
Nothing in this Agreement grants to Licensee, or authorizes Licensee to grant to any User or to anyone else,
any right to reproduce, copy or distribute by any means, method or process whatsoever, any of the musical
compositions licensed by this Agreement, including but not limited to, transferring or downloading any such musical
compositions to a computer harddrive or otherwise copying the composition onto any other storage medium.
(i)
Nothing in this Agreement grants to Licensee, or authorizes Licensee to grant to anyone else, any right to
reproduce, copy, distribute or perform publicly by any means, method or process whatsoever, any sound recording
embodying any of the musical compositions licensed under this Agreement.
5.

License Fees, Reports and Payments

(a)
In consideration of the license granted herein, for the following periods, Licensee agrees to pay ASCAP a
Base or Minimum License Fee and a Cable License Fee, if applicable, for performances of Locally Originated
Programming by means of Licensee’s Cable Television System, and Concert License Fees, if applicable.
(i)
The Base License Fee and the Cable License Fee, if applicable, shall each be based on the number of
fulltime students during the fall of each year of this Agreement:
Period

Minimum and Base License Fee

July 1, 2007June 30, 2008

Greater of $206 or 30 cents
per full-time student

3

Cable License Fee
6.10 cents
per full-time student

COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES LICENSE AGREEMENT (Two Tier)

July 1, 2008June 30, 2009

Greater of $206 or 30 cents
per full-time student

6.10 cents
per full-time student

(ii)
For the full term of this Agreement, and for each musical attraction on Licensee’s premises for
which admission is charged and for which the performer or performers are paid a total of $1500 or more, a
license fee shall be payable in accordance with ASCAP’s “Concert Rate Schedule,” including any minimum
fees due thereunder, a copy of which is attached hereto and made a part hereof (the “Concert License Fees”).
In cases where musical attractions are presented on Licensee’s premises by Licensee and another licensee of
ASCAP, Licensee shall pay the appropriate license fee unless such other licensee has paid the appropriate
license fee under its license agreement with ASCAP. Said concert license fees shall be due and payable by
the fifteenth (15th) day following the end of each calendar quarter for all performances subject to this
paragraph occurring during the previous quarter.
(iii)
The Base, Minimum and Cable License Fee for the contract year commencing July 1, 2009 and each
subsequent contract year of this Agreement shall be the Base, Minimum and Cable license fees for the
preceding contract year, adjusted in accordance with the CPI Adjustment as defined above.
(iv)
In the event that at any time during the initial term of the License the total annual fees payable by
Licensee to another performance rights organization for the same performance rights as included herein
(“Comparable Fees”) exceed the total Base, Minimum, Cable and Concert License Fees payable by Licensee
hereunder for such year, ASCAP may terminate this Agreement with thirty (30) days written notice.
(v)
Licensee shall report to ASCAP the number of full-time students during the fall of each year by
November 1 of each year. Licensee shall also report at that time whether it provides Locally Originated
Programming by means of a Cable Television System. License fees shall be payable by January 20 of each
year of this Agreement.
(b)
All license fees based upon the number of full-time students payable pursuant to Paragraph 5(a) shall be
computed to the nearest tenth of a cent.
(c)
Licensee agrees to report to ASCAP, on forms supplied free of charge by ASCAP, simultaneously with
payment of per-student and concert license fees, respectively the following:
(i) Licensees’ total full-time student enrollment; and
(ii) For each musical attraction presented during the previous quarter for which concert license fees are due
(A) the date, name of the attraction, the name, address and seating capacity of the venue where the
concert was presented (where the total seating capacity of a location has been altered to
accommodate a particular performance, the term "Seating Capacity" shall mean the total number of
seats made available for that particular performance and shall be so indicated on the report);
(B) the "Gross Revenue" of the event ("Gross Revenue" means all monies received by Licensee or on
Licensee’s behalf from the sale of tickets for each concert. Gross revenue shall not include per ticket
entertainment, amusement, or sales taxes, commissions or fees paid to automated ticket distributors,
such as "Ticketmaster," per-ticket theatre restoration or other facility fees, or parking fees when
included in the ticket price). Licensee may deduct from "Gross Revenue" the portion of the ticket
price donated by the performing artist to a specific charity, provided that the deduction may not
exceed $5.00 per ticket. The Licensee shall furnish ASCAP with a copy of the artist agreement
setting forth the exact amount of the charitable donation per ticket sold;
(C) if the concert is a "Benefit Event," the name and address of the organization for which the benefit is
conducted. "Benefit Event" means a concert which is not exempt from copyright liability under
Section 110(4) of the United States Copyright Law, and which is held to raise money for a specific,
bona fide charitable institution or cause, not affiliated in any way with Licensee, to which all the
proceeds from the concert, after deducting the reasonable costs of producing the concert, are
donated. Licensee, upon ASCAP’s request, shall provide documentation of expenses and proof of
payment to the institution or cause;
(D) the license fee due for each concert; and
(E) the total license fees due for the previous quarter.

4

COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES LICENSE AGREEMENT (Two Tier)

(d)
In the event Licensee shall fail to pay license fees due pursuant to Subparagraph 5(a)(i) hereunder by April 30
of the year in which they are due, or in the event Licensee shall be delinquent in payment of license fees for musical
attractions due pursuant to Subparagraph 5(a)(ii) hereunder by thirty (30) days or more, Licensee agrees to pay a
finance charge on the license fees due of 1 1/2% per month, or the maximum rate permitted by the law of the state in
which Licensee is located, whichever is less, from the date such license fees became due.
(e)
Licensee agrees to furnish to ASCAP, simultaneously with the quarterly reports and payments of concert
license fees, copies of all programs of musical works performed by Licensee in each of its musical attractions
presented during the previous quarter, which are prepared for distribution to the audience or for the use or information
of Licensee or any department thereof, and program schedules for Licensee’s Cable Television System. Copies of
programs of Licensee’s musical attractions shall include all encores to the extent possible. Licensee shall be under no
obligation to furnish such programs when they have not been otherwise prepared.
6.

Reservation of Rights

The parties hereto expressly reserve all rights and privileges accorded by the Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, and
other applicable laws.
7.

Breach or Default

Upon any breach or default of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, ASCAP may terminate this Agreement by
giving Licensee thirty (30) days notice in writing to cure such breach or default, and in the event such breach or
default has not been cured within said thirty (30) days, this Agreement shall terminate on the expiration of such thirty
(30)-day period without further notice from ASCAP. The right to terminate shall be in addition to any and all other
remedies which ASCAP may have. In this event of such termination, ASCAP shall refund to Licensee any unearned
license fees paid in advance.
8.

Interference in ASCAP’s Operations

In the event of:
(a)
Any major interference with the operation of ASCAP in the state, territory, dependency, possession or political subdivision in
which Licensee is located, by reason of any law of such state, territory, dependency, possession or political subdivision which is
applicable to the licensing of performing rights; or
(b)
Any substantial increase in the cost to ASCAP of operating in such state, territory, dependency, possession or political
subdivision, by reason of any law of such state, territory, dependency, possession or political subdivision which is applicable to the
licensing of performing rights,
ASCAP shall have the right to terminate this Agreement forthwith by written notice, and, in the event of such termination, shall
refund to Licensee any unearned license fees paid in advance. The written notice provided by ASCAP shall explain the specific
reason why it is terminating the license.
9.

Indemnity Clause

ASCAP agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless and to defend Licensee from and against all claims, demands and suits that
may be made or brought against it with respect to the non-dramatic performance under this Agreement of any compositions in
ASCAP’s repertory which are written or copyrighted by members of ASCAP. Licensee agrees to give ASCAP prompt notice of
any such claim, demand or suit and agrees immediately to deliver to ASCAP all papers pertaining thereto. ASCAP shall have full
charge of the defense of any such claim, demand or suit and Licensee shall cooperate fully with ASCAP in such defense. Licensee,
however, shall have the right to engage counsel of its own at its own expense who may participate in the defense of any such action.
ASCAP agrees at the request of Licensee to cooperate with and assist Licensee in the defense of any action or proceeding brought
against it with respect to the performance of any musical compositions contained in the ASCAP repertory, but not copyrighted or
written by members of ASCAP. This Paragraph 9 shall not apply to performances of any works that may be restricted under
Paragraph 4(f) of this Agreement.

5

COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES LICENSE AGREEMENT (Two Tier)

10.

Availability of Other License Agreements

In the event ASCAP offers any other type of license agreement to colleges or universities, Licensee may elect to enter into such
other type of license agreement. Such election shall be prospective only, shall be effective at the beginning of the school year, and
shall be accomplished by serving written notice on ASCAP of such election at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of
said school year.
11.

Notices

All notices shall be given in writing by United States certified mail sent to either party at the address stated above. Notices to
ASCAP shall be made to the attention of: Director, Symphonic and Educational Licensing. Notices to Licensee shall be made to the
attention of _______________________. Each party agrees to inform the other of any change of address.
12.

Modification of Agreement

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement
cannot be waived or added to or modified orally, and no waiver, addition or modification shall be valid unless in writing and signed
by the parties. Licensee recognizes that ASCAP must license all similarly situated users on a nondiscriminatory basis. Licensee
agrees that any modifications to this Agreement by ASCAP, which are required by local, state or federal law for other colleges or
universities, shall not constitute discrimination between similarly situated users. Examples of such modifications are statements of
equal employment opportunity or nondiscrimination on the basis of race, creed, color, sex or national origin.
13.

Execution

This Agreement may be signed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile signatures shall be treated as original signatures for all purposes hereunder.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed in duplicate original by the duly authorized representatives of
ASCAP and Licensee all as of the Effective Date.

AMERICAN SOCIETY OF COMPOSERS,
AUTHORS AND PUBLISHERS

LICENSEE

By ______________________________

By _________________________________

TITLE
_________________________________
(Fill in capacity in which signed: (a) If corporation, state
corporate office held; (b) If partnership, write word
"partner" under signature of signing partner; (c) If
individual owner, write "individual owner" under
signature.)

6

Allen Alexander
Director of Symphonic & Educational Licensing
Phone: 1-800-652-7227 #1 Fax: 615-691-7287

2014 - 2015 College and University
Student Enrollment Report - Two Tier
Account Number:

Premise Name:

PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS REPORT IS DUE NOVEMBER 1, 2014
Total of the next two lines, "Full Time Student Equivalent" (FTE) enrollment in Fall 2014
The number of all full-time undergraduate and graduate students
Plus one-third of all part-time undergraduate and graduate students
Step 1 - Base License Fee
33 Cents Per "Full Time Student Equivalent"
$
(Result rounded to the nearest 10th of a cent)

or Minimum Base License Fee: $228.00
Higher amount of either Base or Minimum Fee =

$

Step 2 - Cable License Fee
$0.065 Per "Full Time Student Equivalent"

$
(Result rounded to the nearest 10th of a cent)

Total Licensing Fees (Step 1 + Step 2):

$

Note: For Licensee's reporting enrollment for multiple campuses or institutions, please attach a list of the individual schools for which
enrollment is being reported.

I hereby certify that the foregoing statement is true and correct as of this

day of

, 20

Licensee (College or University

(College or University) City & State

Signature

Please Print Name

Telephone Number

Title

Fax

Email Address

Name, Address, and Telephone Changes
University:
Mailing Address:

Telephone:
Contact Name:

E-mail Address:
Please return completed form to:
ASCAP, S & E Licensing; P. O. Box 331608-7515, Nashville, TN 37203-9998
Website: www.ASCAP.com

.

BLANKET CONCERT AND RECITAL (BCON)
Report Form
Account Number:

Premise Name:
Reports are due 15 days after each calendar quarter
Apr 15 (Jan - Mar), Jul 15 (Apr - Jun), Oct 15 (Jul - Sep), Jan 15 (Oct - Dec),

Report for the Quarterly Period:
EVENT
DATE
(MM/DD/YY)

PERFORMER &
OPENING ACTS

VENUE/
EVENT
LOCATION

CITY,
STATE

SEATING
(A) GROSS
(B)
CAPACITY * REVENUE** % APPLIED
TO GROSS
REVENUE
(SEE
BELOW)

Specify quarter(s)with no events:

1st

2nd

3rd

4th Year:

Specify quarter(s)with no events:

1st

2nd

3rd

4th Year:

(B) - % Applied to Gross Revenue
% Applied to
Seating
Capacity*
Gross Revenue**
0 - 2,500
2,501 - 5,000
5,001 - 10,000
10,001 - 25,000
Over 25,000

0.80%
0.40%
0.25%
0.20%
0.10%

(0.0080)
(0.0040)
(0.0025)
(0.0020)
(0.0010)

(C)
EVENT
FEE
(A) x (B)
= (C)

PROGRAM
COOR SONG SPONSOR
(Y/N)
LIST
ATTACHED
(Y/N)
Yes

Yes

No

No

Yes

Yes

No

No

Yes

Yes

No

No

Yes

Yes

No

No

Yes

Yes

No

No

Yes

Yes

No

No

$

* Where the total seating capacity of a location has been altered to accommodate a
particular performance, the term "Seating Capacity" shall mean the total number of seats
made available for that particular performance and shall be so indicated on the report.
** "Gross Revenue" means all monies received by LICENSEE or on LICENSEE'S behalf
from the sale of tickets for each concert. Gross revenue shall not include per ticket
entertainment, amusement, or sales taxes, commissions or fees paid to automated ticket
distributors, such as "Ticketmaster," per-ticket theatre restoration or other facility fees, or
parking fees when included in the ticket price.
*** If the event is co-sponsored, identify by attaching to this report form the co-sponsor,
address, phone number and their ASCAP account number.

Note: To report a Free or Benefit Event, please phone 1-800-505-4052 to request the appropriate form, or use EZ ASCAP Concert
Reporting at www.ascap.com/mylicense to complete your entire report on-line or make payments on your account.
Charge My Credit Card:

VISA

MasterCard

Name as it appears on the Credit Card:

Credit Card Number:

Expiration Date (MM/YY):

/

Contact Person & Title

-

Phone Number:

-

Fax Number:

Ext:

Email:

-

Website:

I certify the above information is true and correct.
Dated:

/

/

Signature:

ASCAP, S&C Licensing, P. O. Box 331608-7515, Nashville, TN 37203-9998 615-691-7287 (Fax)
Epayment Websites: http://www.ascap.com/mylicense or http://www.ascap.com

-

