LICENSE AGREEMENT – SPECIAL EVENTS

Agreement between American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers (“ASCAP”), a New York membership
association, located at 2 Music Square West; Nashville, TN 37203 and

(“LICENSEE”), located at

as follows:
1.

Grant and Term of License

(a)
ASCAP grants and LICENSEE accepts a license to perform publicly or cause to be performed publicly at “Special Events”
presented by or under the auspices of LICENSEE, and not elsewhere or otherwise, non-dramatic renditions of the separate musical
compositions in the “ASCAP repertory.” For purposes of this Agreement,
(i)
“ASCAP repertory” means all copyrighted musical compositions written or published by ASCAP members or
members of affiliated foreign performing rights societies, including compositions written or published prior to or during the
term of this Agreement and of which ASCAP has the right to license non-dramatic public performances.
(ii)
“Special Events” means events and functions which take place on a limited basis, and, in no event, more than three
times per year. “Special Events” include, but are not limited to, talent and variety shows, air, sea and balloon shows,
pageants, parades, and fashion shows. Special Events do not include, for example, musical performances in restaurants, bars,
or similar facilities, circuses, concerts and recitals, “battle of the bands” and similar events.
(b)
This license shall be for an initial term commencing
and ending December 31 of the same
calendar year, and shall continue thereafter for additional terms of one year each unless either party terminates it by giving the other
party notice at least 30 days before the end of the initial or any renewal term. If such notice is given, the license shall terminate on
December 31 of the year in which notice is given.
2.

Limits on License

(a)
This license is not assignable or transferable by operation of law or otherwise, except upon the express written consent of the
parties, but no assignment shall relieve the parties of their respective obligations as to performances rendered, acts done and
obligations incurred prior to the effective date of the assignment.
(b)
This license is strictly limited to the LICENSEE and to the premises. This license does not authorize any other performances
other than those given at the premises during the course of the Special Event, nor does it authorize performances given by anyone else
at the premises or at any other time.
(c)
This license does not authorize the broadcasting or telecasting or transmission by wire, Internet, webcasting, on-line service
or otherwise, of renditions of musical compositions in ASCAP’s repertory to persons outside of the premises.
(d)
This license is limited to non-dramatic performances, and does not authorize any dramatic performances. For purposes of
this agreement, a dramatic performance shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(i)
performance of a “dramatico-musical work” (as hereinafter defined) in its entirety;
(ii)
performance of one or more musical compositions from a “dramatico-musical work” (as hereinafter defined)
accompanied by dialogue, pantomime, dance, stage action, or visual representation of the work from which the music is
taken;
(iii)
performance of one or more musical compositions as part of a story or plot, whether accompanied or
unaccompanied by dialogue, pantomime, dance, stage action, or visual representation;
(iv)
performance of a concert version of a “dramatico-musical work” (as hereinafter defined).
The term “dramatico-musical work” as used in this agreement, shall include, but not be limited to, a musical comedy, opera, play with
music, revue, or ballet.

(e)
This license does not authorize any performance by means of a coin-operated phonorecord player (jukebox) for which a
license is otherwise available from the Jukebox License Office.
(f)

This license is limited to the United States, its territories and possessions and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.

(g)
This license does not extend to performances by LICENSEE or during any Special Event for which ASCAP has issued a
license covering the Special Event to a third party.
3.

License Fees

(a)
In consideration of the license granted herein, LICENSEE agrees to pay ASCAP the applicable license fee based on the Rate
Schedule, attached to and made a part of this Agreement.
(b)
LICENSEE shall pay a finance charge of 1.5% per month from the date due, on any required payment or report that is not
made or submitted within thirty days of its due date. LICENSEE shall pay ASCAP a $25 service charge for each unpaid check, draft
or other form of instrument submitted by LICENSEE to ASCAP.
4.

Reports and Payments

(a)
Thirty days after the end of each calendar quarter of this Agreement, LICENSEE shall submit to ASCAP a report in printed
or computer readable form stating (i) whether Special Events were presented during the previous quarter; (ii) the type, name, date and
location of each Special Event; (iii) the total number of days of each Special Event; (iv) the “Live Music Entertainment Costs” (as
defined in the Rate Schedule) of each Special Event; (v) the license fee due for each Special Event and (vi) the total license fees due
for the previous quarter.
(b) If the Special Event is a "Benefit Event," the report shall contain the information contained in paragraph 4(a) above and the name
and address of the organization for which the benefit is conducted. "Benefit Event" means an event which is not exempt from
copyright liability under Section 110(4) of the United States Copyright Law, and which is held to raise money for a specific, bona fide
charitable institution or cause to which all the proceeds from the event, after deducting the reasonable costs of producing the event, are
donated. LICENSEE, upon ASCAP’s request, shall provide documentation of expenses and proof of payment to the institution or
cause.
(c)
License fees shall be payable at the time the quarterly report is submitted. The minimum annual fee shall be payable within
thirty days of invoicing by ASCAP.
(d) ASCAP shall have the right, by its authorized representatives, at any time during customary business hours, and upon thirty
days written notice, to examine the books and records of account of LICENSEE to such extent as may be necessary to verify any
statements of LICENSEE'S Operating Policy rendered pursuant to this Agreement. ASCAP shall consider all data and information
coming to its attention as the result of the submission of statements of LICENSEE'S Operating Policy or as the result of any
examination of LICENSEE'S books and records hereunder as completely and entirely confidential.
5.

Breach or Default

Upon any breach or default by LICENSEE of any term or condition herein contained, ASCAP may terminate this license by giving
LICENSEE thirty days notice to cure such breach or default, and in the event that such breach or default has not been cured within
said thirty days, this license shall terminate on the expiration of such thirty-day period without further notice from ASCAP. In the
event of such termination, ASCAP shall refund to LICENSEE any unearned license fees paid in advance.
6.

Additional Termination Provision

ASCAP shall have the right to terminate this license upon thirty days written notice if there is any major interference with, or
substantial increase in the cost of ASCAP’s operations as the result of any law in the state, territory, dependency, possession or
political subdivision in which LICENSEE is located or in which LICENSEE presents Special Events, which is applicable to the
licensing of performing rights. In the event of such termination, ASCAP shall refund to LICENSEE any unearned license fees paid in
advance.

7.

Notices

ASCAP or LICENSEE may give any notice required by this Agreement by sending it by United States Mail, generally recognized
same-day or overnight delivery service, or by transmitting the notice electronically to the other party’s last known facsimile number or
e-mail (or similar electronic transmission) address. Each party agrees to notify the other of any change of address.
8.

Applicable Law

The meaning of the provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New
York, without regard to its conflict of laws principles.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by ASCAP and LICENSEE.
this
day of
, 20 .
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF COMPOSERS,
AUTHORS AND PUBLISHERS
By

LICENSEE
By
TITLE
(Fill in capacity in which signed: (a) If corporation, state corporate
office held; (b) If partnership, write word "partner" under signature
of signing partner; (c) If individual owner, write "individual owner"
under signature.)

SPECIAL EVENTS
2016 Rate Schedule
The license fee for Special Events shall be the greater of $132.00 per year (Minimum Annual Fee) or the fees computed on the following basis:
- - for Special Events with mechanical music only, use Schedule I;
- - for Special Events with live entertainment only, use Schedule II;
- - for Special Events with mechanical music and live entertainment, use Schedules I and II;
- - for Benefit Events, use Schedule III only.
SCHEDULE I.

MECHANICAL MUSIC (See definition below.) The daily license fee for mechanical music shall be $102.00.

SCHEDULE II.

LIVE ENTERTAINMENT (See definition below.)

Admission or Similar Charge. For performances of Live Entertainment where there is a direct or indirect admission, cover ,
entertainment, minimum or similar charge the Live Entertainment fee shall be 1.75% of "Live Entertainment Costs".
No Admission or Similar Charge. For performances of Live Entertainment where there is no direct or indirect admission, cover,
entertainment, minimum or similar charge, the Live Entertainment fee shall be 1% of "Live Entertainment Costs".
SCHEDULE III.

BENEFIT EVENTS (See definition below.)
Capacity

Fee Per Event

1 - 5,500
5,501 - 10,000
10,001 - 20,000
20,001 - 60,000
Over 60,000

$10.00
$50.00
$104.00
$174.00
$342.00

DEFINITIONS
Mechanical Music means music which is performed at the premises by means other than by live musicians who are performing at the
premises, including, but not limited to (A) compact disc, audio record or audio tape players (but not including "jukeboxes"); (B) videotape,
videodisc or DVD players; (C) the reception and communication, at the premises where the Special Event is held, of radio or television
transmissions which originate outside the premises and which are not exempt under the Copyright Law.
Live Entertainment means music which is performed at the premises by musicians, singers or other performers, including disc jockeys,
video jockeys, karaoke hosts.
Live Entertainment Costs means direct at indirect expenditures paid by LICENSEE for all Live Entertainment for the performance of live
music including by not limited to, such payments made to any disc jockey, video jockey or karaoke host, in connection with LICENSEE'S
activities at the premises. The term "live music entertainment costs" shall include:
(i) Salaries at wages for performers of live music and disc, karaoke or video jockeys (collectively "Performers").
(ii) The value of any accommodation or services which are made available to any entity or person rendering or presenting live
music entertainment activities as part of the consideration for such entertainment services.
(iii) Direct cost of instrument rental or purchase utilized by live entertainment performers.
(iv) Payments to booking agents, outside production companies or payments to other parties who provide such services relating
to the performances of live music entertainment.
Benefit Event means a Special Event which is not exempt from copyright liability under Section 110(4) of the United States Copyright
Law, and which is held to raise money for a specific, bona fide, charitable instruction or cause not affiliated in any way with LICENSEE, to
which all the proceeds from the Special Event, after deducting the reasonable costs of producing the Special Event, are donated. W here
the total seating capacity of a location has been altered to accommodate a particular performance, the term "Capacity" shall mean the
total number of seats made available for that particular performance.

ANNUAL LICENSE FEE FOR CALENDAR YEAR 2017 AND THEREAFTER
The minimum annual, daily and benefit fees hereunder for each calendar year commencing 2017 shall be the minimum annual, daily and
benefit fees for the preceding calendar year adjusted in accordance with the increase in the Consumer Price Index, All Urban Consumers (CPI-U) between the preceding October and the next preceding October.
ASCAP,
Toll Free: 1-800-505-4052 Fax: 615-691-7795
Epayment Websites: http://www.ascap.com/mylicense or http://www.ascap.com

SPECIAL EVENTS
2016 Report Form
Account Number:

Premise Name:

Reports are due thirty days after the end of each calendar quarter for events presented during the previous quarter.
A finance charge of 1.5% per month will be accessed on any required payment or report that is not made or submitted within thirty days of its due date.

SCHEDULE I. Events With Mechanical Music:
/

Event Date(s) From:
To: /

Event
Type

(MM/DD) (MM/DD)

(A)
No. of Days
Event Was
Held

Event Location

Event Name

Name and Address
(Street, Zip)

(If reporting more than one Special
Event, please report each as a
separate line entry.)

(B) Event
Fee Per
Day

(C) Mechanical
Music Fee Per
Event
(A) x (B)

$102.00
$102.00

+

$102.00

+

Subtotal Mechanical Music Fee:

$

.

SCHEDULE II. Live Entertainment:
/

Event Date(s) From:
To: /

Event
Type

(MM/DD) (MM/DD)

(A)
(B)
(C)
(D) Live
Live
Entertainment
If No Admission or
If Direct or Indirect
Entertainment Admission Charge,
Similar Charge, %
Fee Per Event
Costs
% Applied to Live
Applied to Live
(A) x (B) or (A) x (C)
Entertainment Costs Entertainment Costs

Event Location

Event Name

Name and Address
(Street, Zip)

(If reporting more than one
Special Event, please report each
as a separate line entry.)

Subtotal:

.01

.0175

.01

+

.0175

.01

+

Subtotal Live Entertainment Fee:

TOTALLICENSEFEES:
SCHEDULE I.

.0175

$

Specify quarter(s) with no events:

.
1st

+
2nd

SCHEDULE II.

3rd

4th

Subtotal:

$

Year:

.

=

Total Fees Due:

$

$

.
.

Other Year's Quarters:
NOTE: To report a Benefit Event, please phone
1-800-505-4052 to request the appropriate form.

Contact Person & Title
Phone Number:

-

-

Ext:

Fax Number:
Dated:

Report for the Quarterly Period:
Email:

/

/

Signature:

Website:
ASCAP
Toll Free: 1-800-505-4052 Fax: 615-691-7795
Epayment Websites: http://www.ascap.com/mylicense or http://www.ascap.com

I certify the above Information
is true and correct.

