Agreement between American Society of Composers, Authors and Publishers ("SOCIETY"), located at
2 Music Square West
Nashville, TN 37203
and
("LICENSEE"), located at

as follows:
1. Grant and Term of License
, and continuing
(a) SOCIETY grants and LICENSEE accepts for a one year te rm commencing
thereafter for additional terms of one year each unless terminated by either party as hereinafter provided, a license to perform publicly
at the theme or amusement park known as:
, located at:
and at public relations performances presented outside of said theme or amusement park but in connection with said park for which
public relations performances no fee is paid to LICENSEE and no direct or indirect admission charge is made (collectively "the
premises"), and not elsewhere, nondramatic renditions of the separate musical compositions now or hereafter during the term hereof in
the repertory of SOCIETY and of which SOCIETY shall have the right to license such performing rights.
(b) This Agreement shall enure to th e benefit of and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and
assigns, but no assignment shall relieve the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder as to performances rendered, acts
done and obligations incurred prior to the effective date of the assignment.
(c) Either party may, on or before thirty days prior to the end of the initial term or any renewal term, give notice of termination to
the other. If such notice is given, the license shall terminate on the last day of the term in which notice is given.
2. Limitations on License
(a) This license is not assignable or transferable by operation of law or otherwise, except as provided in paragraph "1(b)" hereof,
and is limited to LICENSEE and to the premises.
(b) This license does not authorize the broadcasting, telecasting or transmission by wire or otherwise, of renditions of musical
compositions in SOCIETY'S repertory to persons outside of the premises.
(c) This license does not authorize any performance by means of a coin-operated phonorecord player (jukebox) otherwise covered
by the statutory license provisions of 17 U.S.C. §116.
(d) This license shall extend to nonvisual background music performed on the premises and furnished by a background music
service holding a license from SOCIETY which authorizes performances on the premises of subscribers to such a service.
(e) This license does not authorize performances in any hotel or motel situated within the premises.
(f) This license is limited to nondramatic performances, and does not authorize any dramatic performances. For purposes of this
Agreement, a dramatic performance shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(i) performance of a "dramatico-musical work" (as hereinafter defined) in its entirety;
(ii) performance of one or more musical compositions from a "dramatico-musical work" (as hereinafter defined)
accompanied by dialogue, pantomime, dance, stage action, or visual representation of the work from which the music
is taken;
(iii) performance of one or more musical compositions as part of a story or plot, whether accompanied or unaccompanied
by dialogue, pantomime, dance, stage action, or visual representation;
(iv) performance of a concert version of a "dramatico-musical work" (as hereinafter defined).
The term "dramatico-musical work" as used in this Agreement shall include, but not be limited to, a musical comedy, opera, play
with music, revue, or ballet.

3. License Fee
(a) In consideration of the license he rein granted, LICENSEE agrees to pay SOCIETY for each calendar year of the term hereof
the applicable license fee set forth in the Rate Schedule annexed hereto and made a part hereof.
(b) In the event LICENSEE shall be delinquent in payment of license fees due hereunder by thirty (30) days or more following
written notice by SOCIETY, LICENSEE shall pay a finance charge on the license fees due of 1% per month, or the maximum rate
permitted by law, whichever is less, from the date such license fees should have been paid.
4. Reports and Payment
(a) LICENSEE shall estimate and pay the estimated license fee fo r the first season of this Agreement upon the execution of this
Agreement. LICENSEE shall estimate and pay the estimated license fee for each subsequent season no later than July 15 of each year.
(b) Within sixty (60) days after the premises are closed to the public at the end of each season, or not later than February 28 of the
following year if the premises are open year-round or for the Christmas holiday season, LICENSEE shall furnish SOCIETY with a
statement certified by a n officer or independent auditor of LICENSEE, setting forth LICENSEE'S total attendance, total live music
entertainment costs as defined in the attached rate schedule, and total fee due.
(e) If the fee due SOCIETY for any calendar year is greater than the estimated fee previ ously paid, LICENSEE shall pay the
difference with the certified statement. If the fee due SOCIETY for any calendar year is less th an the estimated fee previously paid,
SOCIETY shall apply the e xcess payment as a credit against the payment due for the fo llowing year o r at LICENSEE'S op tion,
promptly after receipt of a notice from LICENSEE in the form of a written request, shall refund any over-payment to LICENSEE.
5. Audits
(a)

SOCIETY shall have t he right, by its duly authorized representatives, at any time during customary business hours, to
examine the books a nd records of account of LICENSEE only to such extent as may be necessary to verify any and all
statements rendered and accountings made by LICENSEE to SOCIETY. SOCIETY shall consider all d ata and
information coming to its attention as the result of any such examination of books and records as completely and entirely
confidential.

(b)

SOCIETY shall give LICENSEE not less than thirty days' written notice of its intention to make such an examination.

(c)

The period for which SOCIETY may audit pursuant to this Agreement shall be limited to three calendar years preceding
the year i n which the audit is m ade; provided, however, that if an au dit is postponed at th e request of LICENSEE,
SOCIETY shall have the right to audit for the period commencing with the third calendar year preceding the year in
which notification of intention to audit was first given by SOCIETY to LICENSEE. This three-year limitation shall not
apply if LICENSEE fails or refuses after written notice from SOCIETY to produ ce the books and re cords necessary to
verify any report or statement of accounting required pursuant to this Agreement. Should the three-year audit period
extend into a previous license agreement, nothing herein shall restrict SOCIETY'S right to audit for the full three calendar
years preceding the year in which notification was given.

(d)

In the event any such examination shows LICENSEE to have underpaid the license fees due SOCIETY by 5% or more,
LICENSEE shall pay a fina nce charge on the license fees shown due of 1% per month from the date(s) the license fees
should have been paid pursuant to this Agreement.

(e)

(e) In the event any such examination shows LICENSEE to have underpaid the license fees due SOCIETY by less than
5%, LICENSEE shall pay a finance charge on the license fees s hown due of 1% per month from the date SOCIETY
demands payment of such amount.

6. Breach or Default
Upon any breach or default by LICENSEE of any term or condition herein contained, SOCIETY may terminate this license by
giving LICENSEE thirty days notice to cure such breach or default, and in the event that such breach or default has not been cured
within said thirty days, this license shall terminate on the expiration of such thirty-day period without further notice from SOCIETY.
In the event of such termination, SOCIETY shall refund to LICENSEE any unearned license fees paid in advance.
7. Indemnification
(a) SOCIETY agrees t o indemnify, save and hold LICENSEE harmless and de fend LICENSEE from and agai nst any claim,
demand or suit that may be made or brought against it w ith respect to renditions given on LICENSEE'S premises during the ter m

hereof in accordance with this license, of the separate musical compositions copyrighted or composed by members of SOCIETY and
in SOCIETY'S repertory at the time of LICENSEE'S performance thereof.
(b) In the event of service upon LICENSEE of any notice, process, paper or pleading, under which a demand or action is made or
begun against LICENSEE on accoun t of any su ch matter as is hereinabove referred to, LI CENSEE shall promptly give SOCIETY
written notice thereof and simultaneously therewith deliver to SOCIETY an y such notice, process, paper or pleading, or a copy
thereof, and SOCIETY at its own expense shall have s ole charge of the defense of any such act ion or proceeding. LICENSEE,
however, shall have the right to engage counsel of its own, at its own expense, who may participate in the defense of any such action
or proceeding and with whom counsel for SOCIETY shall cooperate. LICENSEE shall cooperate with SOCIETY in every way in the
defense of any such action or proceeding, and in any appeals that may be taken from any judgments or orders entered therein, and
shall execute all pleadings, bonds, or other instruments, but at the sole expense of SOCIETY, that may be required in order to properly
defend and resist any such action or proceeding, and prosecute any appeals taken therein.
8. Interference in Society's Operations
In the event of:
(a)
any major interference with the o perations of SOCIETY in the state, terr itory, dependency, possession or political
subdivision in which LICENSEE is located, by reason of any law of such st ate, territory, dependency, possession or
political subdivision; or
(b)
any substantial increase in the cost to the SOCIETY of operating in such state, territory, dependency, possession or
political subdivision, by reason of any law of such state, territory, dependency, possession or political subdivision, which
is applicable to the licensing of performing rights, SOCIETY shall have the right to terminate this Agreement forthwith
by written notice and shall refund to LICENSEE any unearned license fees paid in advance.
9. Notices
All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be duly and properly given if, in writing, and
(a) mailed by certified United States mail to the other party;
(b) sent by electronic transmission (i.e., facsimile, Mailgram or similar transmission), provided that a copy of such notice shall
also be sent by United States mail; or
(c) sent by generally recognized same-day or overnight delivery service addressed to the party at the address stated above.
Each party agrees to inform the other of any change of address
10. Miscellaneous
This agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the terms hereof and no waiver, addition or
modification shall be valid unless in writing and signed by the parties. This Agreement, its validity, construction and effect shall be
governed by the laws of the State of New York.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly executed by ASCAP and LICENSEE.
this
day of
, 20 .
AMERICAN SOCIETY OF COMPOSERS,
AUTHORS AND PUBLISHERS
By

LICENSEE
By
TITLE
(Fill in capacity in which signed: (a) If corporation, state corporate
office held; (b) If partnership, write word "partner" under signature
of signing partner; (c) If individual owner, write "individual owner"
under signature.)

THEME AND AMUSEMENT PARKS
2016 Rate Schedule
I. ANNUAL FEE
The annual fee for theme and amusement parks shall be computed on the following basis: (I) the fee per attendee, plus (II)
one percent (1%) of "live music entertainment costs" (as hereafter defined).
A. For calendar year 2016, the annual fee per person based upon attendance shall be $0.0069.
B. The term "live music entertainment costs", as used in this Agreement, means direct and indirect expenditures
paid by LICENSEE for all live entertainment for the performance of live music in connection with LICENSEE's
activities at the premises or off the premises in connection with public relations. The term "live music
entertainment costs" shall include:
(i)

Salaries and wages for performers of live music. Should a live music performer perform other duties in
addition to the performance of live music, then only that part of the employee's wages which equals that
portion of his or her time spent performing live music, shall be included in live entertainment costs.

(ii)

The value of any accommodations or services which are made available to any entity or person rendering
or presenting live music entertainment activities as part of the consideration for such entertainment
services. Accommodations and services provided directly by the licensee shall have a value of ½ the
prevailing rate charged to the public for similar accommodations or services.

(iii) Direct cost of instrument rental or purchase utilized by a live music performer.
(iv) Payments to booking agents, outside production companies or payments to other parties who provide
such services relating to the performance of live music entertainment.
Live music entertainment costs shall not include:
(i)

Costs of props, scenery, special effects, equipment, or other graphic, design, supply or production costs in
connection with the live music entertainment or the maintenance and repairs thereof.

(ii)

Costs of operational or other support staff (e.g., technicians for sound, lights and stage).

(iii) Costs of costumes and maintenance, alteration and repair thereof.
(iv) Payments to in-house entertainment directors or any individual involved in the administration and
management of live music entertainment.
(v)

Costs of acrobatic, animal, magic, comic or other specialty acts performed in conjunction with live music
entertainment.

(vi) Development or rehearsal costs.
(vii) Payroll for performers who "lip sync" pre-recorded music and the cost of the pre-recorded music.
(viii) Cost of fringe benefits such as vacation time, health insurance or pension costs and the employer's
portion of payroll taxes.
II. ANNUAL LICENSE FEE FOR CALENDAR YEAR 2017 AND THEREAFTER
The annual license fee hereunder for attendance for each calendar year commencing 2017, shall be the license fee for the
preceding calendar year adjusted in accordance with the increase in the Consumer Price Index, Bureau of Labor Statistics,
All Urban Consumers - (CPI-U) between the preceding October and the next preceding October.

ASCAP
Toll Free: 1-800-505-4052 615-691-7795 (FAX)
Epayment Websites: http://www.ascap.com/mylicense or http://www.ascap.com

THEME AND AMUSEMENT PARKS
2016 Statement of Licensee's Operating Policy
Account Number:

Premise Name

Type of Report:

/

Season Period:

I.

/

Estimated Report

-

/

Actual Report

/

COMPUT ATION OF LICENSE FEE BASED ON ATTENDANCE:
1. TOTAL ATTENDANCE FOR REPORT YEAR

_________________

2. LICENSE FEE RATE

x 0.0069

A. LICENSE FEE BASED ON ATTENDANCE (Line 1 x Line 2)

$_________________

II. COMPUTATION OF LICENSE FEE BASED ON LIVE MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT COSTS:
1. LIVE MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT COSTS DURING THE REPORT YEAR

$_________________

(See Rate Schedule Section I.B.)

2. LICENSE FEE RATE

x 0.01

B. LICENSE FEE BASED ON LIVE MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT COSTS (Line 1 x Line 2) $______________
III. TOT AL LICENSE FEE CALCULATION:

$____________

TOTAL LICENSE FEE DUE [Line I. 2. (A.) + Line II. 2. (B.)]

Contact Person & Title

-

Phone Number:

-

Ext:

Email:

Fax Number:

-

Website:

I certify the above information is true and correct.
Dated:

/

/

Signature:

ASCAP
Toll Free: 1-800-505-4052 Fax: 615-691-7795
Epayment Websites: http://www.ascap.com/mylicense or http://www.ascap.com

-

